h1. Rails Authlogic + Subdomain_fu Template

This template works as a skeleton for any new Rails application (using Rails 2.3) that aims to provide authentication with subdomain support. 

To install and run this template perform following actions:

<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/devinterface/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app.git
rake gems:install 
rake gems:install RAILS_ENV=test
cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml
rake db:migrate
</code></pre>

h2. Skeleton Behaviour

This template sets up a working application with support for authentication and subdomain. 

h3. Application workflow
* Guest access a public section of the site (http://localhost:3000) 
* Guest chooses to register new account (http://localhost:3000/account/new), including itself as user, and becomes account's owner
* Accounts owner goes to his account (subdomain) url (http://useraccount.localhost:3000/login) and logs into his account
* Accounts owner can add more users to it's account (http://useraccount.localhost:3000/users/new)
* Each created user can log into the account they belong  

h2. Skeleton features

Here's a list of what this template sets up:

h3. Rails
* "Authlogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic/tree/master
* "Subdomain_fu":http://github.com/mbleigh/subdomain-fu

h3. Javascript
* "jQuery":http://jquery.com as javascript framework instead of prototype

h3. CSS
* "Blueprint":http://github.com/joshuaclayton/blueprint-css/tree/master as css framework

h3. Testing
* BDD testing support using "RSpec":http://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec/tree/master, "Cucumber":http://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber/tree/master, and "FactoryGirl":http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl/tree/master

h3. Other

Some other useful gems/plugins such as:

* "Hpricot":http://github.com/whymirror/hpricot/tree/master
* "RedCloth":http://redcloth.org
* "Will Paginate":http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/tree/master
* "SearchLogic":http://github.com/binarylogic/searchlogic/tree/master
* "Exception Notifier":http://github.com/rails/exception_notification/tree/master
* "Inaction Mailer":http://github.com/cwninja/inaction_mailer/
