1286229962
Account	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/models/account.rb	class Account 
Accounts	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	    module Accounts
AccountsController	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	class AccountsController 
AddAccountReferenceToUsers	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913110917_add_account_reference_to_users.rb	class AddAccountReferenceToUsers 
AddOwnerReferenceToAccounts	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913113435_add_owner_reference_to_accounts.rb	class AddOwnerReferenceToAccounts 
App	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	module App
Application	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
AuthlogicSubdomainStartupApp	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/config/application.rb	module AuthlogicSubdomainStartupApp
Controller	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	  module Controller
CreateAccounts	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913110900_create_accounts.rb	class CreateAccounts 
CreateSessions	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913084543_create_sessions.rb	class CreateSessions 
CreateUsers	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/001_create_users.rb	  class CreateUsers 
MainController	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/main_controller.rb	class MainController 
NavigationHelpers	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/features/support/paths.rb	module NavigationHelpers
PublicController	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/public_controller.rb	class PublicController 
SubdomainRoute	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/subdomain_route.rb	class SubdomainRoute
User	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
Users	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	    module Users
UsersController	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
account_domain	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def account_domain
account_host	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def account_host
account_owner?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def account_owner?
account_subdomain	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def account_subdomain
account_url	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def account_url
add_owner	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/models/account.rb	  def add_owner
create	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
created_by_current_user?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def created_by_current_user?
created_by_user?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def created_by_user?
current_account	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def current_account
current_account_owned_by?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def current_account_owned_by?
current_host	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def current_host
current_layout_name	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_layout_name
current_user	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def current_user
current_user?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def current_user?
current_user_session	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def current_user_session
default_account_subdomain	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def default_account_subdomain
default_account_url	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def default_account_url
destroy	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/001_create_users.rb	    def self.down
down	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913084543_create_sessions.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913110900_create_accounts.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913110917_add_account_reference_to_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913113435_add_owner_reference_to_accounts.rb	  def self.down
downcase_subdomain	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/models/account.rb	  def downcase_subdomain
edit	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
http_protocol	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def http_protocol
included	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	      def self.included
included	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	      def self.included
index	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/main_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/public_controller.rb	  def index
matches?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/subdomain_route.rb	  def self.matches?
new	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
not_subdomain?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def not_subdomain?
owned_by_current_user?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def owned_by_current_user?
path_to	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/features/support/paths.rb	  def path_to
public_site?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def public_site?
redirect_back_or_default	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def redirect_back_or_default
require_account_owner	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def require_account_owner
require_no_user	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def require_no_user
require_user	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def require_user
show	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
store_location	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def store_location
subdomain?	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/lib/app.rb	        def subdomain?
up	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/001_create_users.rb	    def self.up
up	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913084543_create_sessions.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913110900_create_accounts.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913110917_add_account_reference_to_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/db/migrate/20090913113435_add_owner_reference_to_accounts.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/babinho/projects/authlogic_subdomain_fu_startup_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
